## Gettting started in IT
So you want to work with computers? Cool, there are loads of great things about professions directly and indirectly associated with IT. The tough thing is knowing where to get started, it is a huge field with so much detail and Jargon and Acronyms. It can be a lot to take in all at once, first piece of advice, take it in chunks and dont be worried if it feels like a lot at times because it is. Second piece of advice is to pick one thing at a time and get to a point to where you can get comfortable with it. Programming in a particular language, get to know the basics, certification, get to know the outline and syllabus. You don't have to become an expert just get comfortable with some of the language around what you are trying to learn. Find some videos of tech personalities discussing the topics. Once you are comfortable, decide whether or not you want to learn this corner of IT. Does it offer a good salary? Is it future proofed? Is it fun to play with? How long will it take? Once you decide to persue spend some cycles finding good learning resources. Video, Step by Step, Books, which one you choose is up to you, me personally I really like video courses, the more hand holding for me the better. Next set up a schedule with a defined start and end date, spread out the learning into managable chunks. If your busy make the chunks small, don't over extend, it will make it more likely you will burnout. Finally don't be afraid to change your mind, if the topic isn't appealing it isn't that you are inadequate some of this stuff is just no fun, do something else start with researching again.